c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication16.exe.config
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\configs\commands.txt
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication16.exe
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication16.pdb
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Core.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Rest.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Rpc.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Webhook.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.WebSocket.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Commands.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Core.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Rest.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Rpc.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Webhook.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.WebSocket.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication16.exe
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication16.pdb
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\configs\bot_info.txt
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\angelparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\angryparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\aussiecongaparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\aussieparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\aussiereversecongaparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\bananaparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\beretparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\blondesassyparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\bluescluesparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\boredparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\ceilingparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\chillparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\christmasparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\coffeeparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\confusedparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\congaparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\congapartyparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\cryptoparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\darkbeerparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\dealwithitparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\dreidelparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\evilparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\explodyparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\fastparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\fidgetparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\fiestaparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\gentlemanparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\gothparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\halalparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\hamburgerparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\harrypotterparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\ice-cream-parrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\invisibleparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\loveparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\luckyparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\margaritaparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\matrixparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\middleparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\moonwalkingparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\oldtimeyparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\papalparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotbeer.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotcop.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotdad.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotmustache.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotsleep.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave1.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave2.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave3.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave4.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave5.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave6.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave7.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\partyparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\pizzaparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\portalparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\prideparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\reversecongaparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\rightparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\rotatingparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\ryangoslingparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\sadparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\sassyparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\scienceparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\shipitparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\shufflefurtherparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\shuffleparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\shufflepartyparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\skiparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\slomoparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\slowparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\sovjetparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\stableparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\stalkerparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\tacoparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\thumbsupparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\tripletsparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\twinsparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\ultrafastparrot.gif
c:\users\thoma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConsoleApplication16\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\upvotepartyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication16.exe.config
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication16.exe
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\obj\Release\ConsoleApplication16.pdb
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\configs\bot_info.txt
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\configs\commands.txt
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\angelparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\angryparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\aussiecongaparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\aussieparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\aussiereversecongaparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\bananaparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\beretparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\blondesassyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\bluescluesparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\boredparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\ceilingparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\chillparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\christmasparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\coffeeparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\confusedparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\congaparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\congapartyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\cryptoparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\darkbeerparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\dealwithitparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\dreidelparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\evilparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\explodyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\fastparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\fidgetparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\fiestaparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\gentlemanparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\gothparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\halalparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\hamburgerparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\harrypotterparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\ice-cream-parrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\invisibleparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\loveparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\luckyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\margaritaparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\matrixparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\middleparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\moonwalkingparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\oldtimeyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\papalparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotbeer.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotcop.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotdad.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotmustache.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotsleep.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave1.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave2.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave3.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave4.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave5.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave6.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\parrotwave7.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\partyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\pizzaparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\portalparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\prideparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\reversecongaparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\rightparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\rotatingparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\ryangoslingparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\sadparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\sassyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\scienceparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\shipitparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\shufflefurtherparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\shuffleparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\shufflepartyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\skiparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\slomoparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\slowparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\sovjetparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\stableparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\stalkerparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\tacoparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\thumbsupparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\tripletsparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\twinsparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\ultrafastparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\images\upvotepartyparrot.gif
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication16.exe
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\ConsoleApplication16.pdb
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Core.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Rest.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Rpc.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Webhook.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.WebSocket.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Interactive.Async.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Commands.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Core.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Rest.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Rpc.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Webhook.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Discord.Net.WebSocket.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\bin\Release\System.Interactive.Async.xml
C:\Users\thoma\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BirbBot\ConsoleApplication16\obj\Release\BirbBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
